= latex_curriculum_vitae

code  :: https://launchpad.net/latexcv
docs :: https://saigkill.github.io/latex_curriculum_vitae/about/
apidoc :: http://www.rubydoc.info/gems/latex_curriculum_vitae
bugs  :: https://bugs.launchpad.net/latexcv
questions :: https://answers.launchpad.net/latexcv
feature requests :: https://blueprints.launchpad.net/latexcv
openhub statistics :: https://www.openhub.net/p/latex_curriculum_vitae
authors blog :: https://saigkill.tuxfamily.org
min. rubyver :: 2.2.0

If you're reading this on Github, please keep in mind, that this is just a
mirror. The development happens on: https://launchpad.net/latexcv.

== DESCRIPTION:

latex_curriculum_vitae is a Rubygem which help you to write your job applications. The program aks you for all relevant data for compiling
the curriculum vitae. It builds the motivational letter (if chosen in the gui), the cover and the cv. The resulting pdf will be found
in your home directory. Also it generates an email with a standard content, which allows you to send the mail with your cv directly.

The History.rdoc contains a detailed description on what has changed. For most
users the NEWS file might be a better place to look since it contains
change summaries between the different versions.

hoe-reek is released under the GPL3 License, see the file 'License.rdoc'
for more information.

The official web site is:

    https://launchpad.net/latexcv

== FEATURES/PROBLEMS:

* Ruby based LaTEX publisher for job applications
* It use Pony and Evolution for sending the email directly

See the {FAQs}[https://answers.launchpad.net/latexcv/+faqs] for checking known issues.
See the {status}[https://github.com/saigkill/latex_curriculum_vitae/blob/master/STATUS.rdoc] of the app.

== SYNOPSIS:

  $ latexcv.rb

  Or just use the Launcher.

The resulting PDF and the CSV file are placed in /home/You/.local/latex_curriculum_vitae.

Read the documentation at: https://saigkill.github.io/latex_curriculum_vitae/about/

This Gem was programmed and tested for Linux systems. If anyone would like to make the methods also fit for other OS,
i'm happy about Pull requests.

== REQUIREMENTS:

* setup
* notifier
* pony
* combine_pdf
* url_shortener

== REQUIREMENTS (hard dependencies):

* pdflatex & xelatex
* yad
* poppler (pdfunite)

== INSTALL:

The installation is very easy.

    gem install latex_curriculum_vitae
    cd /path/to/gem (In case of using RVM ~/.rvm/gems/ruby-2.2.3/gems/latex_curriculum_vitae)
    rake setup

Read the documentation at: https://saigkill.github.io/latex_curriculum_vitae/about/

You have to run the setup after each gem update.

== DEVELOPERS:

After checking out the source, run:

  $ rake newb

This task will install any missing dependencies, run the tests/specs,
and generate the RDoc.

=== IDEAS:

* Add ideas on: https://blueprints.launchpad.net/latexcv

=== COOL HACKS:

* Open a bugreport on https://bugs.launchpad.net/latexcv.
* Please use the -u flag when generating the patch as it makes the patch
  more readable.
* Write a good explanation of what the patch does.
* It is better to use git format-patch command: git format-patch HEAD^

=== CONTRIBUTOR CODE OF CONDUCT:

As contributors and maintainers of this project, we pledge to respect all
people who contribute through reporting issues, posting feature requests,
updating documentation, submitting pull requests or patches, and other
activities.

We are committed to making participation in this project a harassment-free
experience for everyone, regardless of level of experience, gender, gender
identity and expression, sexual orientation, disability, personal
appearance, body size, race, age, or religion.

Examples of unacceptable behavior by participants include the use of sexual
language or imagery, derogatory comments or personal attacks, trolling,
public or private harassment, insults, or other unprofessional conduct.

Project maintainers have the right and responsibility to remove, edit, or
reject comments, commits, code, wiki edits, issues, and other contributions
that are not aligned to this Code of Conduct. Project maintainers who do
not follow the Code of Conduct may be removed from the project team.

Instances of abusive, harassing, or otherwise unacceptable behavior may be
reported by opening an issue or contacting one or more of the project
maintainers.

This Code of Conduct is adapted from the {Contributor Covenant}[http:contributor-covenant.org],
version 1.0.0, available at {http://contributor-covenant.org/version/1/0/0/}[http://contributor-covenant.org/version/1/0/0/].

=== MAINTANANCE POLICY:

I'm following the Semantic Versioning for its releases: (Major).(Minor).(Patch).

 * Major version: Whenever there is something significant or any backwards
   incompatible changes.
 * Minor version: When new, backwards compatible functionality is introduced a
   minor feature is introduced, or when a set of smaller features is rolled out.
 * Patch number: When backwards compatible bug fixes are introduced that fix
   incorrect behavior.
 * The current stable release will receive security patches and bug fixes
   (eg. 5.0 -> 5.0.1).
 * Feature releases will mark the next supported stable release where the minor
   version is increased numerically by increments of one (eg. 5.0 -> 5.1).

I encourage everyone to run the latest stable release to ensure that you can
easily upgrade to the most secure and feature rich experience. In order to
make sure you can easily run the most recent stable release, we are working
hard to keep the update process simple and reliable.

=== STRUCTURE:

==== BRANCHES:

===== `master` BRANCH:
The master branch is the current edge of development.

===== `X.X` BRANCH:
The X.X branch is the last stable branch. It will used for tarballs.

===== MERGE REQUESTS:
If you want to merge your branch with the trunk, join the team.

Please base all Merge requests off the `master` branch. Merges to
`X.X` only occur through the `master` branch.

== PROBLEM REPORTING:

Bugs should be reported to https://bugs.launchpad.net/latexcv. You will need to create an
account for yourself.

